Add possible solution for solution 3 wich use args: creates: (#49)
puzzle/ansible-techlab: content/labs/04.3/_index.en.md

- Solve this task by searching for files ending with `.bak` and registering the result to a variable. Then do tasks only if certain conditions are met.

{{% notice tip %}}

> Have a look at the documentation about the command modul: [Ansible Docs - command](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/modules/command_module.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at the documentation about the command modul: [Ansible Docs - command](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/ansible/builtin/command_module.html)
```
